8336147: Clarify CDS documentation about static vs dynamic archive (#26109)
openjdk/jdk: src/java.base/share/man/java.md

    be loaded on top of those in the `<static_archive>`.
-   On Windows, the above path delimiter `:` should be replaced with `;`

The names "static" and "dynamic" are used for historical reasons. The dynamic
archive, while still useful, supports fewer optimizations than
available for the static CDS archive. If the full set of CDS/AOT

> optimizations are desired, consider using the AOTCache features describe below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optimizations are desired, consider using the AOTCache feature describe below.
```

> optimizations are desired, consider using the AOTCache features describe below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
optimizations are desired, consider using the AOT cache features described below.
```

Author: The word "features" sounds awkward here. I changed "AOTCache features" -> "AOT cache".
